This Virtual Encounter documentation was generated and authenticated in the Zipnosis platform.  Complete documentation including any associated images is available in Zipnosis.    Date: 20200313041332  Clinician: John Smith  Clinician NPI: 5050505050  Patient: Jane Doe  Patient DOB: 1977-02-20  Patient Address: 10 Test Road, Charleston, SC 29407  Patient Phone: (999)999-9999  Visit Protocol: URI    Patient Summary: Jane is a 42 year old ( DOB: 1977-02-20 ) female who initiated a  virtual visit for COVID-19 (Coronavirus) evaluation and  screening. When asked the question "Are you a current patient at  MUSC Health?  ", Jane responded "Yes".    Jane states her symptoms started gradually 3-6 days ago. After  her symptoms started, they improved and then got worse again.    Her symptoms consist of a cough. she is experiencing mild  difficulty breathing with activities but can speak normally in  full sentences.    symptom details  ---------------    * cough: Jane coughs every 5-10 minutes and her cough is not  more bothersome at night. phlegm does not come into her throat  when she coughs. She does not believe her cough is caused by  post-nasal drip.  <first name> denies having ear pain, rhinitis, enlarged lymph nodes,  facial pain or pressure, myalgias, wheezing, sore throat, nasal  congestion, malaise, chills, teeth pain, headache, and fever. She  also denies taking antibiotic medication for the symptoms and  having recent facial or sinus surgery in the past 60 days.    Precipitating events  --------------------    Jane is not sure if she has been exposed to someone with strep  throat.    Pertinent COVID-19 (Coronavirus) information  --------------------------------------------    Jane has not traveled internationally in the last 14 days before  the start of her symptoms.    Jane has not had close contact with a laboratory confirmed  positive COVID-19 patient within 14 days of symptom onset.       Pertinent medical history  -------------------------    Jane has taken an antibiotic medication in the past month.  Antibiotic details as reported by the patient (free text): I am  currently taking 10 AMOX TR-K CLV 875-125 MG TABTEV. I was  diagnosed with sinusitis on 03/10/20 by Dr. Xxx at the MUSC ER. I  started experiencing symptoms on February 27th.    Jane typically gets a yeast infection when she takes  antibiotics. She has used fluconazole (Diflucan) to treat  previous yeast infections. 1 dose of fluconazole (Diflucan) has  typically been sufficient for symptoms to resolve in the past.    Jane does not need a return to work/school note.    Weight: 128 lbs    Jane does not smoke or use smokeless tobacco.    She denies pregnancy and denies breastfeeding. She has  menstruated in the past month.    Additional information as reported by the patient (free text): I am diabetic and have high blood pressure    Weight: 170 lbs  MEDICATIONS: propranolol oral, amoxicillin oral, ALLERGIES:  bees    Clinician Response: Dear Jane,    Based on the information provided, you have viral pharyngitis.  This is a sore throat caused by a virus and is usually the first  sign of a cold. Your sore throat should resolve in a couple days  as other cold symptoms develop.    Unfortunately, there are no medications that can cure a cold, so  treatment is focused on controlling symptoms as much as possible  until you recover. Most people gradually feel better in 1-2  weeks.    Medication information  ----------------------    Because you have a viral infection, antibiotics will not help you  get better. Treating a viral infection with antibiotics could  actually make you feel worse.    For more information on why I am not prescribing antibiotics,  please watch this video: Antibiotics Aren\'t Always the Answer   ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byh75p7bf-U&feature=youtu.be ).    I am prescribing:       * Azelastine 137 mcg (0.1 %) nasal aerosol, spray. Inhale 1-2  sprays in each nostril 2 times per day. There are no refills with  this prescription.  Unless you are allergic to the over-the-counter medication(s)  below, I recommend using:    * Acetaminophen (Tylenol or store brand) oral tablet. Take 1-2  tablets by mouth every 4-6 hours to help with the discomfort.  * An antihistamine such as Benadryl, Claritin, or store brand.  Over-the-counter medications do not require a prescription. Ask  the pharmacist if you have any questions.    Self care  ---------    The following tips will keep you as comfortable as possible while  you recover:    * Rest  * Drink plenty of water and other liquids  * Take a hot shower to loosen congestion  * Use throat lozenges  * Gargle with warm salt water (1/4 teaspoon of salt per 8 ounce  glass of water)  * Suck on frozen items such as popsicles or ice cubes  * Drink hot tea with lemon and honey    When to seek care  -----------------    Please be seen in a clinic or urgent care if new symptoms  develop, or symptoms become worse.    Call 911 or go to the emergency room if you feel that your throat  is closing off, you suddenly develop a rash, you are unable to  swallow fluids, you are drooling, or you are having difficulty  breathing.  Diagnosis: Viral pharyngitis  Diagnosis ICD: J02.9    Follow up instructions: Thank you for using Virtual Urgent Care; In response to the recent COVID-19 (Coronavirus) events, MUSC is in the process of developing a testing facility for those at high risk. IF YOU COMPLETED THE COVID-19 SCREENING TOOL, YOU WILL BE CONTACTED FOR TESTING ONCE IT IS AVAILABLE IF TESTING IS DEEMED NECESSARY. If you feel you are high risk and are having mild flu-like symptoms, we recommend staying isolated. If prescriptions have been ordered for you, please have a friend or family member deliver them to you without coming inside or contacting    anyone living at your residence. We anticipate more widespread testing will be available soon. If you are having severe issues such as shortness of breath or chest pain, please proceed to the Emergency Department and tell them in advance (by calling your ER) that you feel you may have contracted COVID-19. A 14-day work note means to stay isolated as instructed for 14 days or until testing is complete.  Additional Clinician Notes: LOW RISK FOR COVID 19  Prescription: azelastine 137 mcg (0.1 %) nasal aerosol,spray 1 200 spray squeeze bottle, 30 days supply. Inhale 2 sprays in each nostril 2 times per day. Refills: 0, Refill as needed: no, Allow substitutions: yes
